(6/6/20)

I think the best plan to make and prepare myself for full-time opportunities requires a good data strucuture,
algorithm and system design understanding. Given that I am working 9-6 on weekdays on the internship, I need
to make the most of the remaining time to maximize the data I can collect for it. From my first 2 weeks,
I think the best way to maximize time to gather data for DSA is to explore the top interview section in
leetcode followed by the Blind 75 leetcode questions. The problems highlighted in these sections teach you
different ways to solve problems, knowledge which you can use to solve other problems which use the same
underlying concepts or a combination of the concepts. Based on the early data over th epast two weeks,
when you solve a problem from the April/May/June explore section, they are mostly easy level problems so
you are using techniques which you have already learnt and not gathering new data. Therefore, to maximize
the data you obtain, it's better to sovle problmes from the Top Interview questions since they give you
new understandings of different techniques which gives you data even if that means we will be solving the
problems over a few days due to a limit of time. Also, if we want to mix things up every once in a while,
we can solve the problems from the April/May/June explore sections on leetcode.

As always, as we get more data, we will be use that data to find better patterns and implement more
efficient solutions to problems.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(7/12/20)
Plan for the next few months (end of summer) with respect to work and life.

1. Weekdays

During the weekdays we will be working 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. on our internship gathering data on different parts of development to make
ourself a better software engineer. Some days, we might work more hours as well depending on the work or if I want to get
done with something or I am loving working on whatever I am working on. 

We do take a break of 1 hour in between from 1 p.m. -2 p.m. During this one hour break, there are different things we can do
depending on what we are interested in. We can apply to companies for full-time and internship opportunities to improve my
interviewing skills. We cna continue working if I am in a state of flow. Or we can just relax and take a break.

At the end of the day, we relax for a while doing differnt things. There are a few things we can do here after relaxing.
We can choose to either do leetcode and gather data that way or work on the codePath's course to increase our knowledge in
data structures. We could also apply to companies or just relax depending on the day.


2. Weekends and Holidays

During the weekends, we do have more time available. As a result, we can use this time to work on different things.
We can spend time on data structures by either working on leetcode and gathering data or by walking through CodePath's
courses and gather data from there. We can also apply to more companies with respect to internship and full-time
opportunities to improve our interviewing skills. These are also good days to organize mock-interviews so that we gather 
data on data structures and algorithms so that we become better at it. 

We can use this time to experiement with different technologies, languages and frameworks to make ourslef a better software
engineer by working on different projects. If we have work from the internship end, we can also use time here to work on it.
Finally, we can use this time to apply to more companies for both internships and full-time opportunities.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------