9/23

Based on our performance in the coding challenges that we received, we still have a long way to go to become better at
DSA. We need to keep collecting data both from CodePath and CTCI and solve more Leetcode style problems. Irrespective of
whether we get a full time offer from HPE or from any other company, this process will need to continue in our free time
just like we are currently doing. I am pretty confident in the process that we are following. We have been able to collect
a lot of data and become better than what we were last year. However, we are still not the best level that I know I am
capable of so we need to keep practicing more and more. Enjoy the journey and level up yopurself everyday :) !

The good things is that whatever coding challenge we have takenm we have collected data from it. This is really helpful
as this will give us a lot of data on what we are doing good at and what we are doing bad at. Using that, we can improve 
in the topics we are currently bad at.

There is one main differnce between the coding challenges and the Leetcode style questions I am currently doing. In the
coding challenges, there is a lot of useless filler information that's given to us. However, in most LS questions, the 
question is straight and direct. Therefore, I have to become better at being able to filter that filler information and get
it into a format that's similar to LS so that I can use the same LS style techniques that I am currently learning. This
is a good learning exerience so gather data and enjoy the experience.

Places to gather more data from:

1. From the coding challenges taken, analyze the data on what you did good at and what you did bad at.
2. Collect more data from CodePath
3. Collect more data from CTCI.
4. Collect more dta from a DSA book like CLRS.
5. Keep solving more LS questions.


10/11

Performance on Dynamic Programming concept was pretty dismal. I was unable to answer any of the coding questions. Based on
our performance, it means that we have to gather way more data along that front in order to become adept at that concept.
This means gathering more theoretical data on the concept but more important;y, solving many more DP problems so that we 
can generate the thinking required for those kind of problems. As a result, we are putting a pause to that section. The
topics remaining in that section are as follows and will be covered after we cover other topics and come back to it.

> Remaining:
    Session 1: Regular Matching Expression
    HackerRank assessment
    Other Resources